Thursday 02/24/2022.

1:30AM - Although I already know basic HTML, I think it'd be best if I review everything from the basics, learn HTML from scratch with the help of the course from CodeAcademy. I Don't think I'll be getting the certificate, as it needs to be paid for with the "Pro" membership and I'm on a nonexistant budget. But! I'm not doing this because of the certificate, I'm doing this because I like programming, and it's really helpful to have something to guide you.

4:31AM - I've completed the course from beginning to end and learned a lot more than I thought, I learned the value of Semantic HTML and how it helps to get traffic onto your website, also I learned how to make a form that'll take data input from the user to the websites storage and how to verify that input in the spot with Regex, or Regular Expressions, which coincidentally I've found a course in the same website about it and I'll be taking it, it seems short so I'll try it before I go to sleep. When I wake up, I'm looking foward to learning Css and Javascript. With those two I'll have all the basics needed to learn Front End, and maybe some Back End. My objective with this is having the certificate of Full Stack Web Developer and start working with my brother while I throw my CV at google. I'd love to work for them.

5:27AM - After a short recess, I'll begin with the Regular Expressions course.

5:51AM - I've fallen in love with Regular Expressions, It's like decrypting the thing you want to find or validate, it's really easy to understand the basics and really complex to put it all together. I really want to understand more about this topic, maybe in the future I'll be the RegEx hero the course was talking about.

In a side note, and after I've completed the little course, I'm going to a well deserved night sleep. I hope to get right into Javascript tomorrow.

4:20PM - I woke up at 3PM and got something to eat. Now, with my stomach full and with great curiosity of what will the Javascript course teach me, I began studying. It's a 20 hour course taking into account the quizzes that you can only do with the Pro membership, so it will certainly take me less than 20 hours, nevertheless I look foward to get into it!

4:52PM - Finished the first lesson, I'll be taking a moment to analyze and let the new information sink in. The thing that I <em>accidentally</em> learned is the importance of having the mentality to search for the methods that will make my coding easier, instead of brute forcing everything into inefficient algorithms.

5:30PM - I have bad news, My mother has covid and it seems like I have it too, my head hurts a lot, I'm exhausted although I didn't do anything yet and my thoughts are mostly about how my head hurts. Maybe I've done enough for today, so I'll make a quick summary and go to bed.

I've started and completed the full HTML course from the very beginning, learned Semantic HTML and the use of forms to get data from users. I've completed the Regular Expressions course too, and fallen in love with it. and I've started the javascript course, learned the basics of javascript a second time and discovered that searching for already done methods is a lot better than brute forcing algorithms. I'm super happy of what I've accomplished today, I'm in my journey to beat my depression and this is a really good step foward, and studying something I'm passionate about is really helping me to get out of bed and learn.

5:42PM - with the quick summary done, I'll be taking the rest of the day for myself.